final changes/link updates (#36)
radicle-foundation/radworks-governance: manual.md

The primary tools for Radworks governance are:

- **[Snapshot](https://snapshot.org/#/gov.radicle.eth)**: Off-chain voting platform for *Formal Reviews*
- **[Boardroom](https://boardroom.io/radworks/proposals)**: Platform for delegation, off- and on-chain voting, and proposal creation. 

> - **[Discourse](https://radicle.community/):** Community forum for discussion about governance proposals and topics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **[Discourse](https://community.radworks.org/):** Community forum for discussion about governance proposals and topics.
```

### Never miss a vote! 🤳

The best way to get live governance updates is by following the Radworks Twitter ([@radworks_](https://twitter.com/radworks_)) or follow the [🏛️governance-updates](https://discord.gg/sUJ2vaxh) channel on Discord. These accounts act as governance “ticker” accounts and include all of the information and links needed to participate in voting. 

You can subscribe to our community calendar that includes reminders for Quarterly Community Calls, monthly Proposal Review calls and each week of the monthly governance cycle.

> You can also [set up email notifications](https://app.tango.us/app/workflow/Email-Notifications-ac8d8e2eff5746f48ebd17e1f6b2b6ff) directly from the the calendar on our [Boardroom governance portal](https://boardroom.io/radicle/overview).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also [set up email notifications](https://app.tango.us/app/workflow/Email-Notifications-ac8d8e2eff5746f48ebd17e1f6b2b6ff) directly from the the calendar on our [Boardroom governance portal](https://boardroom.io/radworks/overview).
```
